This is the README file distributed together with the Oddmuse script.

To install the script, copy wiki.pl into your cgi-bin directory.  This
will store the pages in a temporary directory for you.  In order to
make this permanent, change the $DataDir option in the script from
'/tmp/oddmuse' to 'oddmuse'.  This will save the pages in a
subdirectory of your cgi-bin directory.

In order to start your wiki, click on the edit link (the first link
below the navigation bar, at the bottom of the page).  This will allow
you to enter some text for this page.  Click the Save button and you
are done.

To add new pages, edit the homepage and add links to new pages.  Links
are traditionally formed by ConcatenatingCapitalizedWords.  This kind
of link pattern is called a wiki word.

Alternatively, put links in [[double square brackets]].  This kind of
link pattern is called a free link.

As long as the new pages don't exist, links to these pages are
followed by a clickable question mark.  Click on the question mark to
create the new page.

Enjoy your wiki experience.

Visit http://www.oddmuse.org/ to learn more about the translation
files and modules that are part of this package.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.1 or
any later version published by the Free Software Foundation.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at
your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
General Public License for more details.

Both the GNU Free Documentation License, and the GNU General Public
License are distributed together with this script.  See the files FDL
and GPL, respectively.
